feat(v8): Update node docs for v8 (#9906)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/connect/performance/index.mdx

---
title: Performance Monitoring

> description: "Learn more about how to configure our Performance integrations to get the best experience out of it."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn more about how to configure our Performance integrations to get the best experience."
```

---

As soon as you define a `tracesSampleRate` for your Sentry SDK, Performance Monitoring will be enabled. This will automatically instrument and monitor the performance of your application.

<Note>

If you’re adopting Performance in a high-throughput environment, we recommend testing prior to deployment to ensure that your service’s performance characteristics maintain expectations.

</Note>

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-config" />

## Automatic Instrumentation

> See <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation">Automatic Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn about all the things that the SDK automatically instruments for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation">Automatic Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn about everything the SDK automatically instruments for you.
```

## Custom Instrumentation

You can also manually start spans to instrument specific parts of your code. This is useful when you want to measure the performance of a specific operation or function.

> See <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation">Custom Instrumentation</PlatformLink> on how to manually start spans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <PlatformLink to="/performance/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation">Custom Instrumentation</PlatformLink> to learn how to manually start spans.
```
